[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you doing really good and keeping
safe and well at the moment in that
today's video I'm going to be going
through so healthy and high protein
dessert ideas and options I did a
similar video last week on you guys and
to really like it I thought I'd show you
some of my new recipes everything's
pretty minimal ingredients but I'll show
you the macros on the screen and all of
that and just before we get straight
into it if you could take this video
with a like and would really appreciate
it so excited about this one and it is
sweet potato radishes these are so gooey
and like Fuji in the middle so so tasty
so I'll show you what you need for these
ones yet so this one you're going to
need a sweet potato so pack a powder or
you could use that hot chocolate cocoa
powder some nut butter of preference
this is my favor at the moment just
peanut butter some organic honey and a
little bit of salt all the toppings I'm
just mixing up so the salted caramel
dark chocolate and then I'm giving it
also like smash these little white
chocolate balls up as well first thing
you wanna do is put your oven on to
preheat about 180 so I for this you just
want to shave your sweet potatoes and
measure out 300 grams and then it could
chop them into small little chunks so
now I'm just gonna steam these for about
20 minutes and then I am just measuring
out I've injured and 25 grams of peanut
butter then for the sweetener so I only
know 70 grams of organic honey and for
next part 25 grams of cacao powder you
could use that hot chocolate powder as
well and then mixing this put it all
together it's search like minimal
ingredient and honestly you 80 try this
insane so mixing it all together and
then adding a little bit of so I really
think salt makes a big difference in a
separate container and just like
measuring my chocolate that I had in
just some white chocolate and some dark
chocolate chocolate just matched all my
sweet potato and I'm just going to add
this to the chocolate bowl and give that
mix together it's so easy this recipe so
I'm just adding all my sweet potato add
the chocolate mixture
together and doing that a good stir
around I had a spoonful of this whilst
it was raw and it tasted so good
and then I'm positive person in my
baking paper ready to go in the over
it's quite hard to get out of the actual
Bowl you do this part then I'm just
spreading out the top layer and just
making it all even so that it's not like
thicker in some places more silent than
others then just for the last part I'm
just sprinkling all my chocolate chips
on top you can also put through as well
it takes about 15 to 20 minutes but just
keep an eye on it this looks good
I'm going to me is some chocolate
protein balls these are such a good like
pre or post-workout snack and they're
really tasty and quick there are no bake
winner so they're really quick and easy
you just roll them into little bowls pop
them in the fridge and they are done so
if this won't you're just going to need
some protein I'm using it cookies and
cream flavor some oats I'm just using my
normal rolled oats some nut butter of
choice you could use any I'm just using
this peanut one some organic honey all
right anything like golden 6 some
chocolate I'm just using some Linux dark
chocolate so for this you're gonna need
to get out a huge mixing bowl and pour
out a hundred and sixty grams of peanut
butter or just any nut butter that you
are using I find it so therapeutic with
the peanut butter then you're going to
need 25 grams of the whey protein I'm
using the cookies and cream flavor and
then about 3 teaspoons which works out
30 grams of honey you could also use
write-only
maple syrup that you've got in or
anything that sugar-free just do it to
suit yourself
next up is a hundred grams of oats and
then I'm just gonna give this a good old
mix around
than to note if this one is it's quite
like a dry mixture so you're gonna need
like a good sturdy spoon and then when
you roll it into balls it's a lot easier
I've made the mistake in the past
without adding water and then it just
sends it like a sticky mess so you kind
of want it a bit crumbly so that you can
make the little balls and then you just
want to make them into little ping-pong
sized balls and you get about twelve
obviously just you can make them larger
or smaller if you like and yeah just do
that stubby way so I'm rolling around in
your hands and then once they are all
rolled into like little bowls you get
about twelve just depends on like how
big or how small you want them and then
you just pop them in the fridge for 15
minutes then I'm going to cover up the
balls in some chocolate so I'm taking
sixty grams a little in chalk and then
I'm just gonna melt that in a
microwavable bowl oh my god I have
satisfied if the whole thing goes
aldrin so i microwave it for 30 seconds
on there seconds off doing it around and
I'm just using my favorite dark
chocolate and then you're just going to
get the balls and drop them in you could
use more chocolate if you want them like
completely all covered and but I just
like more like a lighter coating and yet
just like rip run them around in the
bowl and then pop them onto some baking
paper you don't have too much chocolate
left so I'm just gonna take the sweet
freedom chalk shot and just put that on
this little lonely one
[Music]
and now I'm just going to go in the
fridge for about 30 minutes I'm going to
make a banana bread at least you've got
to be one of my favorites at the moment
so I'll show you what I do so for this
you're gonna need two ripe bananas some
oats which I'm going to use a blender
for making like an oat flour two egg
whites or you could use like liquid egg
white and protein
I'm using and cookies and cream flavor
some baking powder a little bit of salt
and then just some cinnamon just ten
more not preheat that to 180 degrees and
I'm just gonna get my blender out to
make some oat flour obviously traditions
oat flour if you have that in or just
use a food processor okay so to make the
oat flour I'm just measuring out 170
grams of oats you don't need to add any
liquid or anything and literally just
blend this it takes a few minutes to get
it like to a really good flowery
consistency and then I'm taking my sieve
and a large bowl and just sitting out or
the oat flour you will find there's
quite a lot of like chunks and stuff in
it so yeah this bit is quite important
then I'm taking my cooking cream whey
protein and I'm just using the same
again and doing 60 grams of the whey
protein I absolutely adore this flavor
they have so many on the website as well
and then I'm taking two teaspoons of
baking powder don't do any more than
that otherwise it could taste of it
chemically fused bit too much of this
stuff then I'm taking about a teaspoon
of cinnamon I always think this adds
like a nice little sweetness to the
bread as well and just doing a dash of
salt and then taking two bananas I'll
receive it all be like different sizes
but it worked out about 167 grams just
mashing that all up obviously the riper
the better with bananas
and I'm using 70 grams of egg white so
that works out to egg whites and then
just adding 150 grams of water so in
that separately and then that is
literally it with this one it's quite a
quick recipe and just mix all this
together it's all ready to go into the
baking tin I use quite like a small one
and just pop it into some baking paper
you could also just butter the tray
itself so my loaf is ready to go in so
I'm gonna put that in for hour 45 to 50
minutes and then when it gets to like
nearly finished I'm just going to stick
and like a knife or something in the
middle and see how we're doing
you could also add like your toppings
United us or anything there but I'm just
gonna leave mine as it is today so I'm
choosing some baking paper or you could
like line your actual and trade that
you're using so I've just taken the
banana bread out of the oven I'm so
happy with how this is rose it looks
huge in here and mine only took about 40
minutes which is really great and I've
just stuck a knife in it I'm just gonna
pop it onto a cooling tray and leave
that oh my god I've just sliced all this
it tastes insane it is so fluffy I'm so
happy with how these turned out 129
Chinese place like and get about 8 big
bitcoins so I have already eaten one of
these I've got to test out you know so
happy with how all of these have turned
out so yeah my favourites out of all of
these definitely these brownies balance
is so good you would never know there
are made from sweet potato and really
minimal ingredient I had loved for
making these balls well they were super
quick and easy and yeah just really nice
girl to make stuff that's high-protein
and really tasty as well okay so that
brings us to the end of this video I
really hope you enjoyed it if you
haven't already don't forget to
subscribe
absolutely love to see any of your
recreations
on my Instagram you can tag me over
there and I will see you guys in the
next video